STEAM MONITOR LAUNCHER - LIVE UPDATE SETUP

The default feed is configured for:
https://github.com/DoctorCheese1/steam-monitor-launcher/releases/latest/download/latest.json

GitHub Actions builds and publishes releases after Windows startup validation.
The URL becomes live after the first successful workflow. A GitHub release is
required; saving a ZIP only in this chat does not publish it.

USING THE UPDATER
1. Install this package once with Launch Steam Monitor.bat (or use an existing
   ZIP updater). Portable builds use Build Portable.bat.
2. Open Tools > Launcher updater, or Launcher updater in the tray menu.
3. Enter your public HTTPS latest.json address and save it.
4. Check now displays the published version. If newer, download it, then choose
   Install verified update. The normal installer checks startup before replacing
   the old executable. Monitor preferences and exclusions are retained.
5. Enable automatic checks for startup and six-hour checks. These only notify.
   Installation always waits for you. Downloads can be canceled. Network reads
   time out after 20 seconds; cancel can wait for the current read to finish.

PUBLISHING RELEASES
Host the full release ZIP on your website or a public GitHub Release. The ZIP
must contain the SteamMonitorLauncher folder with its normal source files,
Install.ps1, Update.ps1, and version.txt. Keep older assets available while
clients may still be downloading them.

Run the included helper in PowerShell, using your actual download address:
  .\Publish-Release-Feed.ps1 -PackagePath "C:\Releases\launcher.zip" -PackageUrl "https://YOUR-HOST/releases/launcher.zip" -Notes "Release notes"

It reads the package version and calculates its SHA-256 hash into latest.json.
Upload the ZIP first, then latest.json. Give latest.json a stable public HTTPS
URL that serves the raw JSON file, not a login page or HTML download page.
Short caching / no-cache on latest.json helps updates become visible promptly.
The helper does not upload files or create a hosting account.

Each feed has these case-sensitive JSON fields:
  Version: three numeric components, e.g. 1.12.3
  PackageUrl: direct HTTPS ZIP download URL
  Sha256: 64-character SHA-256 hex digest of that exact ZIP
  Notes: plain text release notes

For each new release, increase the app/package version, publish a fresh ZIP,
regenerate latest.json and replace the hosted feed. A higher advertised version
must match version.txt inside the downloaded ZIP. Never advertise an invented
version to force a reinstall; use Install a downloaded ZIP for repairs.

SECURITY AND LIMITS
Use a release source you control/trust. SHA-256 detects corrupt or substituted
package bytes relative to the feed; it is not a publisher signature. HTTPS and
control of the feed determine publisher trust. HTTP downgrade redirects and
URLs with embedded credentials are rejected. Downloads are capped at 50 MB,
feeds at 64 KB. The ZIP updater also checks extraction paths, package structure
and version before running the installer. No credentials are stored for feeds.

Source/package checks were performed here. Windows compilation, networking,
UI and live installation still need testing on Windows against your real host.
